don't remember inviting you so it was
the organization will handle this huh
the darkness of men's hearts drawn to
these cursive medallions and dis
heartless but there is more maelstrom of
avarice I wonder are they worthy to
serve organization 13 and you want an
answer now precisely
Oh
yes
Wow not over yet throw him overboard hi
Holly excuse me are we it's a bit of a
Pirates code anyone who invokes parler
must not be home to negotiations are
complete this is no time for rules the
true but as we're honorable pirates we
should always stick to the code all
right you out with it I surrender the
chest with my humblest apologies rather
accommodating of you mate and for that
you want just a few souvenirs for the
memories huh well no we can stop the
curse unless we got all the medallions
our friends about to learn what it means
to cross a pirate Oh
sora donald goofy jaws
fire
you